Add documentation for the .atTime() method in Kotlin #3808 (#4135)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/datetime/terms/atTime/atTime.md

---
Title: '.atTime()'
Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime

> fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```
```

---
Title: '.atTime()'
Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object

## Example

In this example, we first create a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the `.atTime()` method to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.
```

---
Title: '.atTime()'
Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.
> 
> ## Syntax
> 
> ```pseudo
> fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
> fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
> fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
> ```
> 
> The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object
> 
> ## Example
> 
> In this example, we first create a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the `.atTime()` method to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```

The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object

## Example

In this example, we first create a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the `.atTime()` method to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (`dateTime1` and `dateTime2`) represent the combined date and time.
```

```kotlin
import kotlinx.datetime.*

fun main() {
    val date = LocalDate(2023, 12, 17)
    val time = LocalTime(15, 30)

    // Combining date and time using atTime()
    val dateTime1: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(12, 0, 0)
    val dateTime2: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(time)
            
    println("DateTime 1: $dateTime1") // DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T15:30
    println("DateTime 2: $dateTime2") // DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The output of the above code is as follows:

```

---
Title: '.atTime()'

> Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Combines a date and a time, resulting in a LocalDateTime object.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when it's needed to represent both date and time components together.
```
Avoid first and second person pronouns in Docs

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```

> The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. The hour, minute, and second can be specified individually, or a `LocalTime` object can be provided.
```

## Example

> In this example, we first create a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the `.atTime()` method to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example,  a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023 is created. Then, the `.atTime()` method is used to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.
```

---

> Title: 'Understanding the .atTime() Method in Kotlin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.atTime()'
```

> Description: 'Learn about the .atTime() method in Kotlin for combining date and time.'

Reviewer: Write the description of the method in one line instead of this line.

Subjects:
  - 'Kotlin'

>   - 'Programming'

Reviewer: You need to choose subjects from the subjects listed in the official [documentation](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). Please check it out and add the relevant subjects here.

Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> # .atTime() Method in Kotlin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need to add this heading as the introductory line is sufficient itself.

The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

> ```kotlin
> fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
> fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
> fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```
```
Give a line space before and after a code block or syntax block. Remember `pseudo` is used for syntax blocks.

The **atTime()** method can be called on a **LocalDate** object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a **LocalTime** object.

## Example

In this example, we first create a LocalDate object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the **.atTime()** method to combine it with different time components. The resulting **LocalDateTime** objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.

import java.time.LocalDate
import java.time.LocalTime
import java.time.LocalDateTime

fun main() {
    val date = LocalDate.of(2023, 12, 17)
    val time = LocalTime.of(15, 30)

    // Combining date and time using atTime()
    val dateTime1: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(12, 0, 0)
    val dateTime2: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(time)
    
    println("DateTime 1: $dateTime1") // DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T12:00
    println("DateTime 2: $dateTime2") // DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30

> }

Reviewer: You need to add the code inside a code block, refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md) for the steps and guidelines to be followed. Add an output of the code below this block too.

---
Title: '.atTime()'
Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```

> The **atTime()** method can be called on a **LocalDate** object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a **LocalTime** object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object.
```

## Example

In this example, we first create a LocalDate object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the **.atTime()** method to combine it with different time components. The resulting **LocalDateTime** objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```kotlin
```

import java.time.LocalDate
import java.time.LocalTime

> import java.time.LocalDateTime

Reviewer: Use the `kotlinx.datetime` library as we are including the entry in the datetime folder.

fun main() {
    val date = LocalDate.of(2023, 12, 17)
    val time = LocalTime.of(15, 30)

    // Combining date and time using atTime()
    val dateTime1: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(12, 0, 0)
    val dateTime2: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(time)
    
    println("DateTime 1: $dateTime1") // DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T12:00
    println("DateTime 2: $dateTime2") // DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30
}
```

Output:
DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T12:00
DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30

> 

Reviewer: The output should be in a shell block. take reference from the [documentation](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md).

---
Title: '.atTime()'
Description: 'Combines date and time using the .atTime() method in Kotlin.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-kotlin'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.atTime()`** method in Kotlin is used to combine a date and a time, resulting in a `LocalDateTime` object. This is particularly useful when you need to represent both date and time components together.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun LocalDate.atTime(hour: Int, minute: Int, second: Int): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime): LocalDateTime
fun LocalDate.atTime(time: LocalTime, second: Int): LocalDateTime
```

The `.atTime()` method can be called on a `LocalDate` object with different parameter combinations. You can specify the hour, minute, and second individually, or provide a `LocalTime` object

## Example

> In this example, we first create a LocalDate object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the **.atTime()** method to combine it with different time components. The resulting **LocalDateTime** objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we first create a `LocalDate` object representing December 17, 2023. Then, we use the `.atTime()` method to combine it with different time components. The resulting `LocalDateTime` objects (dateTime1 and dateTime2) represent the combined date and time.
```

```kotlin

> 
> import kotlinx.datetime.LocalDate
> import kotlinx.datetime.LocalTime
> import kotlinx.datetime.LocalDateTime
> 
> 
> fun main() {
>     val date = LocalDate.of(2023, 12, 17)
>     val time = LocalTime.of(15, 30)
> 
>     // Combining date and time using atTime()
>     val dateTime1: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(12, 0, 0)
>     val dateTime2: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(time)
>     
>     println("DateTime 1: $dateTime1") // DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T12:00
>     println("DateTime 2: $dateTime2") // DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import kotlinx.datetime.*

fun main() {
    val date = LocalDate(2023, 12, 17)
    val time = LocalTime(15, 30)

    // Combining date and time using atTime()
    val dateTime1: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(12, 0, 0)
    val dateTime2: LocalDateTime = date.atTime(time)

    println("DateTime 1: $dateTime1") // DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T15:30
    println("DateTime 2: $dateTime2") // DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30
}
```
Rather than using multiple import statements, I've imported all functions using `*`. The date and time were not assigned properly so I updated the code.

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

DateTime 1: 2023-12-17T12:00
DateTime 2: 2023-12-17T15:30
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Cleared the empty line spaces.
